IfcDiscreteAccessory Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:41:33.5120880Z (#187)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/r/RatedMechanicalTension_3_8iNth8f7lRDO7YuohKPU/Documentation.md

> The tension is described as the pulling force transmitted axially to the equipment under normal work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rated mechanical tension described as the pulling force transmitted axially to the equipment under normal work.
```
